fix: app lifecycle with entity association (#13357)
shopware/platform: RELEASE_INFO-6.7.md

Therefore, we removed all the internal code used to generate and validate them. 
The whole `Shopware\Core\Framework\Changelog` namespace was removed. The code is not needed anymore, you should adjust the `RELEASE_INFO` and `UPGRADE` files manually instead.

> ### App custom entity association handling
> We have changed behavior creating associations; an exception will be thrown if the referenced table does not exist, instead of creating the referenced table as it  used to be.
> 
> To allowed the schema updater to skip creating associations if the referenced table does not exist, improving flexibility and robustness during schema updates, we also added a new optional attribute named `ignore-missing-reference` with association types (`one-to-one`, `one-to-many`, `many-to-one`, `many-to-many`).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### App custom entity association handling

The behaviour creating associations with custom entities in apps changed. 
Now an exception will be thrown if the referenced table does not exist, instead of creating a reference to the non-existing table.

To allow the schema updater to skip creating associations if the referenced table does not exist, improving flexibility and robustness during schema updates, a new optional attribute `ignore-missing-reference` was added to association types (`one-to-one`, `one-to-many`, `many-to-one`, `many-to-many`).
```

not 100% sure, if I got everything correct :blush: please have a closer look

Author: The example one is unnecessary !!?

Reviewer: no, I hope I touched the right lines :see_no_evil: the example can definitely stay :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Oh my bad again 😭
